List of 10 Daemons running in machine :
1) init :
Started by the kernel during the booting process and runs till the system is shut down.
It is the direct or indirect ancestor of all other processes and automatically adopts all orphaned processes. 

2) atd :
It is a job scheduler daemon that runs jobs scheduled for later execution. 
These jobs are one-time task(not recurring) at a specific time scheduled using ‘at’ or ‘batch’ utility.

3) httpd :
Hypertext Transfer Protocol daemon answers the request automatically and serves the hypertext and multimedia documents over the Internet using HTTP.

4) syslogd :
System logger process that collects various system messages.

5) rngd :
It checks and feeds random data from hardware device to kernel
It feeds data from a random number generator to the kernel's random number entropy pool, after first checking the data to ensure that it is properly random.

6) sshd :
Secure Shell Daemon (SSH daemon or sshd) is an alternative to rlogin and rsh and provides encrypted communications between two 
untrusted hosts over an insecure network. The sshd is the daemon that listens for connections from clients on port 22.

7) xinetd :
xinetd (Extended Internet Service Daemon) is an open-source super-server daemon that manages Internet-based connectivity.
It listens for incoming requests over a network and launches the appropriate service for that request.
It can be used to start services with both privileged and non-privileged port numbers.

8) nmbd :
NetBIOS Message Block Daemon(nmbd) understands and replies to NetBIOS name service requests such as those produced by SMB/CIFS in Windows-based systems.
It provides file sharing and printing services to Windows clients.

9) crond :
It is a long-running process that executes commands at specific dates and times.
It can be used to schedule activities, either as one-time events or as recurring tasks.

10) routed :
Manages the network routing tables in the kernel.
It finds interfaces to directly connected hosts and networks that are configured into the system and marked as up. 
